Creed: That's from me.
Creed: I don't know. It was so long ago.
Creed: Yep. That's exactly what happened.
Creed: [as Jim decorates a passed out Todd Packer] Oh, no.
Creed: Okay.
Creed: Okay, okay. [gasping]
Creed: Your shower radio.
Creed: I love it. I actually used to have a radio show back in the '70s.
Creed: Whacky-weed Creed.
Creed: Do you want me to give it a shot? Just...
Creed: I...
Creed: I don't know, let's try.
Creed: All right.
Creed: Guys, E, blues. Follow me, okay? [playing well]
Creed: Back in the '60s, I was with the Grass Roots. We toured with Janis Joplin, The Doors, Cream. We had a lot of fun, And now I do quality assurance for a paper company. As you can imagine, drugs played a part. They still do. My work calls last about 90 seconds, and that's about as long as I can concentrate.
Creed: When I was a teenager, I was in an iron lung.
Creed: Oh ho!  Which one is Pam?
Creed: Oh, I thought that was more on a volunteer basis.
Creed: Oh, I thought it was a volunteer thing.
Creed: Hi guys.  Somebody makin' soup? 
Creed: [after Michael punches him in the arm] What did you hit me for? 
Creed: What?
Creed: You shouldn't have hit me, Michael.
Creed: [to Oscar] Who do you think did it?
Creed: Really?  I thought you. [both laugh in Michael's earshot]
Creed: Sure.  He hired me.  How's he doing?
Creed: I thought you might.
Creed: Michael, you should have much bigger fears than that.
Creed: Okay, you take it easy, ace.
Creed: Hey, thanks, ace.
Creed: I'm not good with names.
Creed: Ryan!
Creed: Jimmy, listen to me. You do not want to go to Amsterdam. Trust me.
Creed: I'd send you to Hong Kong.
Creed: Like to say 'Hi' to my friends in China. [speaks in Chinese]
Creed: That is correct. 
Creed: Hi kids. 
Creed: Have you ever seen a foot with four toes? [begins untying shoe]
Creed: Th-the hair covers it, mostly.
Creed: Kids, kids, kids, slow down.
Creed: That is Northern Lights Cannabis Indica. 
Creed: I have some hemp ropes at my house, they're really strong...
Creed: Great. [gets up and leaves]
Creed: Then why is there a picture of a white man on the door? [Michael, along with the camera, look at the standard stick man on the bathroom door.]
Creed: I know exactly what he's talking about. I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. Very nutritious. But they smell like death.
Creed: There's a great soup kitchen in downtown Scranton. Delicious pea soup on Thursdays. I'll probably give the money to them. 
Creed: Who has AIDS?
Creed: Oh, I steal things all the time. It's just something I do. I stopped caring a long time ago. You should see how many supplies I've taken from this place. Honestly, I love stealing things.
Creed: Thanks. I never owned a refrigerator.
Creed:  Huh?
Creed: What are you telling me?
Creed: No, I don't. I wanna stay right here.
Creed: No, I wanna stay here.
Creed: Um, I think there's a misunderstanding, Michael.
Creed: Can I go?
Creed: Let's fight it.
Creed: Let's call Jan and fight this thing together like the old days.
Creed: Did you start the paperwork yet?
Creed: You don't have to do this, Michael.
Creed: Undo it!
Creed:  No, you have the power to undo it.
Creed: Michael, undo it!
Creed: Fine. Fire someone else. Fire Devon. He's terrible. I am so much better at my job than Devon.
Creed: No, no, no, no, no, no. I will forget so fast. You will be my savior. You're they guy who gave me my life back. Thank you. I knew you'd see it my way Michael. God Bless you. You're a fine man.
Creed: Listen, you will not regret this either. Devon is terrible; No one's gonna miss him. Good, good, good.
Creed: No, no. I had some, thanks.
Creed: Fifteen years, I think.
Creed: Oh, no. I need the money.
Creed: What do you mean, "Why?"
Creed: I don't know. I got nephews.
Creed: Yeah. Yeah. And I buy them stuff, you know. Oh, made some bad investments. Why are you asking me this?
Creed: Well, you never asked me about my life before, is all.
Creed: Do you have something specific you wanted to talk to me about?
Creed: No.
Creed: I do not.
Creed: You know, guys, Michael has really incredible decision-making abilities. Michael's really incredible at making decisions.
Creed: Uh, Michael, he wasn't inferring, he was implying.  You were inferring.
Creed:: I'm not offended by homosexuality.  In the sixties I made love to many many women, often outdoors, in the mud and the rain.  And it was possible a man slipped in, and there would be no way of knowing.
Creed: That's crazy. It's crazy.
Creed: And a happy holiday to you. 
Creed: [singing] Spinnin' n reelin with love. Give it the time, I might come back down. But it feels so good. My feet don't touch the ground. Wha..wha..wild. Wha..wha..wild. Well everybody knows, I'm crazy about 'ya... 
Creed: I don't care which party I go to. Once you've danced naked at a hash bonfire with the spirits of the dead, all parties seem pretty much the same. 
Creed: Did he actually give you some ganja?
Creed: You want some?
Creed: I don't know what to tell you.
Creed: One year, I had a close acquaintance of mine back a truck in here and clean out this whole place. That was a very good year. I think they blamed it on some kid.
Creed: Oh... Where did you get this stuff?
Creed: Which aisle?
Creed: Well, draw me a map, mama.
Creed: Sure.
Creed: Okay.
Creed: What size? 
Creed: Animals can't feel pain.
Creed: Good night, Mary Beth!
Creed: [motions to phyllis's desk]
Creed: I'll wait. [sighs]
Creed: Goodnight Mary-Beth.
Creed: Hey! What are you guys doing here?
Creed: I run a small fake ID company from my car with a laminating machine I swiped from the sheriff's station. 
Creed: Here's the $40 you gave me.
Creed: In a way you did.
Creed: I remember it was very late at night, like 11, 11:30.  Big fella comes in screamin' about God knows what.  I think maybe Halpert had stolen his car.  [Angela rolls her eyes] Something like that.  So the big fella pulls out a sock filled with nickels.  Then Schrute grabs a can of hairspray and a lighter---
Creed: Hey!
Creed: Hello. [Jim replaces Creed's apple with a potato][Creed takes a bite of the potato]
Creed: [zipping up his pants] Hey, check it out, there's a... there's a castle over there.
Creed: [talking through bullhorn] Michael, you can not fly, you can not, I've seen this too many times.
Creed: There's my girl. I noticed you handing out some shekels. How would one get on that train?
Creed: Andrea's the office bitch. You'll get used to her. [introducing himself] Creed.
Creed: Here.
Creed: Every week I'm supposed to take four hours and do a quality spot-check at the paper mill.  And of course the one year I blow it off, this happens.
Creed: Yes, hello.  Creed Bratton, Quality Assurance, Dunder Mifflin Scranton.  I was supposed to meet with one of your floor managers last week for a quality inspection, and he or she wasn't there.  And I'm trying to remember who it was.  Mm-hmm.  Who wasn't there last week?  Debbie Brown.  And which day was that?  Wednesday, the eleventh.  Perfect.
Creed: The only difference between me and a homeless man is this job.  I will do whatever it takes to survive.  Like I did... when I was a homeless man.
Creed: When I went over Wednesday, for the spot-check, I got a call from Debbie Brown, saying she has an emergency dentist appointment.
Creed: Now I'm told she told her manager she had the flu.  I'm a trusting guy, but uh, I just wish Debbie Brown had been there.  We would have caught this.
Creed: [to Dwight] Got a farewell card for Debbie Brown.  I thought maybe you'd like to sign it.  Maybe throw a couple of bucks in there for her.  She's got some children.
Creed: I feel terrible about Debbie Brown.  She got fired because of Dwight.  So I thought I'd pass around a goodbye card, maybe everyone could put in a couple of bucks to help her through these difficult times.  Why do bad things always happen to the good people?  It's tragic.  Just tragic.
Creed: [hums]
Creed: Hey!
Creed: I am indeed. How'd you know that?
Creed: Oh, oh that's right! Good work. Thank you very much, sir [shakes hand].
Creed: About 10 years ago, for tax reasons, I faked my own death. I've been collecting benefits as my own widow ever since.
Creed: No time. Dwight, I love Debbie Brown. She's a close personal friend. But quality is my life. This company has a reputation to uphold. As much as it pains me, someone has to be held accountable.
Creed: Just doing my job, guys. 
Creed: The guy was just hanging brain. I mean, what's all the fuss?
Creed: If that's flashing, then lock me up.
Creed: Are we still discussing this? I say again, what is the big deal?
Creed: What are you doing in here? This is the women's room.
Creed: I pay for that privilege. [goes into stall]
Creed: [wearing headphones and speaking loudly] I'm a pretty normal guy. I do one weird thing. I like to go in the women's room for number two. I've been caught several times and I have paid dearly.
Creed: [holding a fish with all the meat stripped off] Nobody told me we were going to have hot dogs!
Creed: On the go that's after three. 
Creed: I remember. I blogged the whole thing. 
Creed: www.creedthoughts.gov.www/creedthoughts. Check it out. 
Creed: I find it offensive.  Au natural, baby.  That's how I like 'em.  Swing low, sweet chariots.
Creed: I'm just looking.
Creed: In a minute.
Creed: Four nights a week, I sleep under my desk, and then three nights I stay at my place in Toronto. They don't know about this job up there. It's a welfare state. Beautiful countries, both of 'em.
Creed: It's a real shame about Ed, huh?
Creed: About what?
Creed: Ed was decapitated.
Creed: He was drunk as a skunk, he was flying down Route 6.  He slides under an 18 wheeler.  Pop.  It snaps right off.
Creed: You know a human can go on living for several hours after being decapitated.
Creed: What did I say? 
Creed: I have. That's the 'Union of the Monkey'. 
Creed: Ditto that, my brother.
Creed: Right place at the right time.
Creed: [singsong voice] Baby. Hello baby. Here you want to play with this?
Creed: Oh, it's okay. I've got tons of them. You like that? Goo-goo-goo-goo?
Creed: Oh really, what kind? Codeine, Vicodin, Percocet, Fentanyl, Oxycontin, Palladone? What...
Creed: Oh. [laughs]
Creed: I've been involved in a number of cults, both as a leader and a follower. You have more fun as a follower, but you make more money as a leader.
Creed: Creed Bratton, 75 plus division.
Creed: 82 November first. How much is the prize money?
Creed: What, is any of this real?
Creed: That's my boss! Yeah-ha baby!
Creed: [Creed, Stanley, and Oscar sitting at a table] Can we get another round?
Creed: Thanks.
Creed: [on phone] Yo, is this his new chair?
Creed: [on phone] Daat!
Creed: When Pam gets Michael's old chair, I get Pam's old chair. Then I'll have two chairs. Only one to go. 
Creed: I don't get the big fuss here, I like the site.
Creed: Hank, his name is Hank.
Creed: A lot of jazz cats are blind, but they can play the piano like nobody's business. I'd like to put the piano in front of Pam without her glasses and see what happens. I'd also like to see her topless.
Creed: Yeah, and I finished my work months ago!
Creed: [over phone] Hiya Pumpkin, it's Creed.
Creed: Say, we're gonna ditch this bitch. You in? 
Creed: Are you out? [Angela hangs up] Pumpkin's out, let's go gang! [they all make a run for the door, Dwight re-enters room with only Angela left]
Creed: [shaking Holly's hand] The pleasure's all mine.
Creed: Any time.
Creed: ...Excuse me.
Creed: What is wrong with this woman? She's asking about stuff that's nobody's business. "What do I do?"... Really, what do I do here? I should've written it down. "Qua" something, uh... qua... quar... quibo, qual...quir-quabity. Quabity assuance! No. No, no, no, no, but I'm getting close.
Creed: [from outside the conference room] Hey, it's the kid! Look, look, look, look, look! [Michael, Toby, Holly, and Pam exit the conference room] Hey! It's the temp! Look! [everyone is crowded around Jim's computer]
Creed: It's the temp! [all are watching a YouTube video of Ryan being escorted out of Dunder Mifflin corporate offices by policemen]
Creed: Mm-hmm.
Creed: I gave Toby my buddy Jorge's number in Costa.  He'll hook Toby up with everything: cable TV, women, oh, and this amazing coffee to snort.
Creed: That's some fun stuff. When does the website go up?
Creed: Cool beans.
Creed: We're screwed.
Creed: Us? You and me. The old timers.
Creed: You're over 40, that's the cut off. Are you listening to what he's saying? Re-training. New system. Youth. I'm telling you this kid is the grim reaper. You deal with this or you, me, Sammy, Phyllis, the chick you hit with the car, we're goners.
Creed: Yes, sir.
Creed: Everything's cool, dude.
Creed: I'm thirty. Well, in November I'll be thirty.
Creed: Because they're lame.
Creed: [looks at vending machine] Hey brah, I've been meaning to ask you, can we get some Red Bull for these things? Sometimes a guy's gotta ride the bull, am I right? Later skater.
Creed:  Sup? [rolls into kitchen on a skateboard]
Creed:  Just boardin', you know how we do. [flips skateboard up]
Creed:  Oh, thanks ese.  So, what are you guys doing?
Creed:  To look younger, so the kid doesn't replace you with machines.
Creed:  Suit yourself.  But, if it were me, Botox [points at Oscar], wig [points at Kevin].
Creed: I go to New York all the time, to visit my buddy Frank.  He's a mole person. 
Creed: Michael is right. It's a made-up word used to trick students.
Creed: Hey cuz, heard you're having money problems.
Creed: Listen, I've got the answer.  You declare bankruptcy, all your problems go away.
Creed: Creed Bratton has never declared bankruptcy.  When Creed Bratton gets in trouble, he transfers his debt to William Charles Schneider.
Creed: You don't go by Monopoly man, that game is nuts.  Nobody just picks up "get out of jail free" cards, those things cost thousands.
Creed: Bankruptcy, Michael, is nature's do-over.  It's a fresh start, it's a clean slate.
Creed: Exactly.
Creed: She's crazy hot.
Creed: Get her Phyll.
Creed: [knocking from outside window in break room] Jim.
Creed: I hate devils food.
Creed: Screw Meredith, I don't think it's fair to let someone else pick the cake on my birthday. 
Creed: Today is actually my birthday and I want to pick the cake.
Creed: I want pie. I want peach pie.
Creed: I want a nice cobbler.
Creed: I don't care who you talk to. Just make it happen.
Creed: You tell her it's for Creed. She'll know what that means.
Creed: Listen, I figured this out. Jimmy had his birthday three weeks ago, so he doesn't care. 
Creed: Yeah. [Jim enters room]
Creed: Nothing! Nothing going on. We're talking about nothing. C'mon gang.
Creed: Well nobody's touching my cobbler. 
Creed:  Cambodia.  You?
Creed:  Let's do this thing. [Creed loses the first point, tosses his paddle on the table and starts taking off his shirt.  Jim retrieves the ball and looks back to see Creed with his shirt untucked and unbuttoned]
Creed:  We're not playing strip pong? [Jim shakes his head no]  Okay. [Creed picks up paddle]
Creed:  I can bring these to my shelter.
Creed:  Fright. Being scared to death.
Creed:  Oh nothing.
Creed:  That wasn't a tapeworm. 
Creed:  Hell of an ass.
Creed: I can get you one in an hour. 
Creed: You are welcome.
Creed: Yeah.
Creed: Ah, Hillary Swank.
Phyllis and Creed: Ahhhh!!! [Oscar's leg crashes through the ceiling]
Creed: [to Rose] You were in the parking lot earlier. That's how I know you. 
Creed: He has no wallet, I checked. 
Creed: Give it up, he's dead.
Creed: What's a text?
Creed: This gal, she's really into you?
Creed: All right, all right. Say no more. So, this is how I got squeaky fromme. No small talk. Just show her who's the boss. Just go right in and kiss her.
Creed: Have I ever steered you wrong, Jim?
Creed: I'd like to contribute.
Creed: [opens wallet and hands Jim a single bill] There you go.
Creed: For a cat? I could get you a kid for that.
Creed: Bonnie Hunt is on.
Creed: That's not why.
Creed: Good work, kid. 
Creed:  The real question here is who's this guy work for? 
Creed:  Ah, it's all starting to make sense now. 
Creed:  [feeding coins into a vent] I think it's 75 cents.
Creed: The tall guy got engaged.
Creed:  I've done some things I'm not proud of.  Committed some atrocities in Vietnam, uh, two years ago.  Princess Cruise Lines.
Creed: Oh, he does. He does.
Creed: These are terrible boss. You gotta make them in a circle so that they cook evenly.
Creed: Well I don't even want these. [Takes the rectangle pancakes out of his coat.]
Creed: It's crazy what's going on out there today, huh?  
Creed: Sometimes it's best just to say out of it.  
Creed: Want to play a game?
Creed: [playing chess with Jim]  No. IF you do that, I'm gonna do that.  IF you do that, I'm gonna do that.  IF you do this, I'm gonna do that.  
Creed: You don't want to do that.  
Creed: So hey, I'm want to set you up with my daughter. 
Creed: I thought you were gay.
Creed:  I don't know.  
Creed: Challenge.
Creed: I hear it, too, Boss.
Creed: Boss, this used to hang from my windshield but it belongs in here.
Creed: No problem. I'll just have no idea who's driving behind me now.
Creed: Must be like the tide at Omaha Beach.
Creed: Ugh.
Creed: Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name? [whispering] Creed Bratton.
Creed: Yeah, that's all-inclusive.
Creed: Let's put a smile on that face!
Creed: It's pronounced Ker-nell. It's the highest rank in the military.
Creed: [walks up behind Jim and puts his hands on his shoulders] One more week.
Creed: Cool beans, man, I live by the quarry.  We should hang out by the quarry and throw things down there.
Creed: Just pretend like we're talking until the cops leave.
Creed: The balls on you, man.
Creed: [approaching Jim and Pam] Hey, did one of you tell Stanley I have asthma? Because I don't, and if it gets out, they won't let me scuba.
Creed:  If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?
Creed: I heard that from... Andy.
Creed: Come on, boss.
Creed: How far along?
Creed: Who's the OB/GYN?
Creed: I don't know, man. I just don't know.
Creed: Guys, I'm starting to think Pam's not really even pregnant.
Creed: What if you've been bad?
Creed: What if you've been really, really bad? More evil, and strictly wrong?
Creed: Have you tried making everything smaller?
Creed:  Have fun!  [sigh]
Creed: [from desk chair] Oh, come on!
Creed:   [spying on David and Jim] They've been in there a while.
Creed:   Can't be good.  
Creed:   Think they're talking about me?
Creed:   Yeah, that makes way more sense.   Okay thanks boss.
Creed: You ever notice you can ooze two things: sexuality and pus. Man, I tell ya.
Creed: Psst... [Creed walks by Andy and draws his right index finger across his neck, further scaring Andy, Andy looks over at Darryl who is staring him down]
Creed: So there I am, minding my own business and Darnell offers me three bucks. All I gotta do is walk by Andy and go like this. [draws finger across neck] Darnell's a chump. I would have done it for anything. I've done a lot more for a lot less. 
Creed:  Curve the bullet. Like in my favorite James McAvoy film, Wanted.
Creed:  [Michael leaving copy machine] Uh, boss, we're out of paper.
Creed:  Are you gonna add any more?
Creed:  He don't give an "F" about nothin'!
Creed: I'm very relieved to learn it wasn't you.
Creed: I think we all can agree that it's either Gabe or Angela. [flips a coin] It's Angela. Get her, boys.
Creed: Hey, why haven't we ever, um... 
Creed: Yes. 
Creed: Yep.
Creed: Uh, small things. Peas, ball bearings, dimes... 
Creed:  She's messed up man... 
Creed: I want to sell your blood!
Creed: Hey, boss, did you find Nemo?
Creed: Oh, you're payin' way too much for your worms, man. Who's your worm guy?
Creed: [sighs] Thank God.
Creed:  Something's up.  That paper was never supposed to arrive.  
Creed:  [Creed pulls into the parking lot and goes into the office]  Sorry I'm late, boss.  What's going on?
Creed:  OK. Hang on just a second.  Let me just settle in and I'll be right back.
Creed: [Bluetooth rings] You got Creed.
Creed: I couldn't care less about nepotism. But, I'm loving the debate. Great minds battling it out. And I've got a front row seat. 
Creed: He's been trashing us relentlessly on Twitter. Yeah, it's funny stuff, but mean.
Creed: Everywhere I look it's Betty White this and Betty White that. Finally a kid that's not talking about Betty White. Of course I follow him. 
Creed: Pirate code, he wants to meet.
Creed: I understand it, I can't speak it.
Creed: She's one sassy black lady.
Creed: [chuckles] I know. Isn't it something?
Creed: [Angela hands Creed a pack of deodorant] For me?
Creed: Thank you very much.
Creed: I want to do a cartwheel. But real casual-like. Not make a big deal about it. But I know everybody saw it. Just one stunning, gorgeous cartwheel.
Creed: I'm having a little trouble motivating. 
Creed: Well, I can't, I don't know how.
Creed: My tombstone's already made, thank you.
Creed: You think?
Creed: I don't think I'm there yet, Boss.
Creed: [bleep] you! [bleep] you! God!
Creed: Mmmhm.
Creed: Yes, sir.
Creed: I really appreciate it, Boss.
Creed: I did it!
Creed: The perfect cartwheel.
Creed: What a rush! That's all I had to do all year.
Andy: Ryan, you come in with your small biz expertise, right? And then Creed: guest speaker extraordinaire. And then I come in and just close all the sales and stuff. Um, okay, here we go. One, two three!
Creed: Creed! Ha! 
Creed: Two eyes, two ears, a chin, a mouth, ten fingers, two nipples. A butt, two kneecaps, a penis. I have just described to you the Loch Ness Monster. And the reward for its capture? All the riches in Scotland. So I have one question: Why are you here? 
Creed: The one where you start in a crouches position, then you leap...
Creed: Thanks mom.
Creed:  We should start our own mall!
Creed: I watch you when you sleep.
Creed: Not cool man. [walks out]
Creed: [drinking from Michael's World's Best Boss mug] See ya tomorrow boss!
Creed: He put some snacks in the freezer for us.
Creed: No. The blueberry Slurpee pouch. 
Creed:  [drives up to the entrance of the building, his license plate reads "NEW MGR"] It's a beautiful morning at Dunder-Mifflin, or as I like to call it, Great Bratton. [gets out of car, tosses his keys toward a nonexistent valet parker] Keep it running.
Creed:  Do I love being manager?... I love my kids. I love real estate. [slowly getting more excited] I love ceramics. I love my job. I-I love wrestling.
Creed:  [to Jordan] Find out what language this is. [speaking in strange language]
Creed:  [running a meeting in the conference room] Okay, team building! On this side of the room, Stanley, Phyllis, Jim, Ted, Elroy, [camera switches to show only Meredith and Kevin have attended the meeting, Jim walks by and sees this] and this side of the room, Pam, Meredith, Phyllis, Creed...
Creed:  [pointing at a whiteboard with BOBODDY written on the left side, vertically] BO-BODDY! BO-BODDY. What does the first "B" stand for?
Creed:  We're making acronyms. Okay! What does the first "B" stand for?
Creed:  I like it! Business! Good, Kevin! [writes after the first B, I, Z, N, U...] All right! The "O"...
Creed:  [on phone] First of all, I want to thank you for your years of patronizing our company. I've got some bad news. We're going out of business. [covers phone, whispers to Pam] Saving face. [uncovers phone] Yep, yep. I understand that. Basically everything is falling apart here. Pam looks around the office and realizes only she has overheard this] 
Creed:  [takes the pictures] Okay I already see one, gimme. Okay.
Creed:  [to Jordan] Get me our biggest client on the phone, right this instant. [closes his office door]
Creed:  It's Creed. FYI, I'm starting my own paper company, looking to poach some chumps, you in?
Creed:  Hehehe, cool. Let's keep this on the QT, okay? I uh, I don't want you to be a dead mamma jamma.
Creed:  All right, thank you, bye-bye.
Creed:  You remind me so much of my fourth-biggest client.
Creed:  I think you two should meet.
Creed:  Hey Jordana! Patch my ninth- and fourth-biggest clients together. [Pam puts down phone and picks it back up]
Creed:  It's Kismet! 
Creed: [on cell phone] Unfortunately, in this ham-fisted production of Sweeney Todd, the real terror comes from the vocal performances. New paragraph. 
Creed: Be cool, Michael. I saw this guy kill a bunch of people. Good work.
Creed: The feeling of pure risk.
Creed: It's thrilling.
Creed: Well, I really, really, really liked it.
Creed: You're welcome.
Creed: Hey, what's the crowd like, Danny? Our age?
Creed: Hey hey hey, quiet, here she comes! Did you hear about that Danny guy? Heard he used to date Pam.
Creed: Best Edward James Olmos costume I've ever seen. Like, freaky good.
Creed: Beleniege!
Creed: HI mahhhh. Boo yowww. Gunjo! Ooh uncow!
Creed: [receiving message on his phone] Hey! Puck and Finn worked it out, and the solo is now a duet.
Creed: No.
Creed: Hey, kid--hear you're looking for work.
Creed: How far can you reach those Lovely long arms of yours? [Jim reaching his arms out as far as he can go] Eh, put 'em down. How long can you hold that pretty little breath of yours? [Jim inhales] Good.
Creed: We're working. [Jim still holding his breath]
Creed: That's great. When you know you know. Hey, what's Ruth's deal, man?
Creed: Usually I'm a burrito guy, but if you won't tell, I won't. Wink, wink.
Creed: Hey, Angela's back with her baby.
Creed: Let me have a turn.
Creed: All right.
Creed: I'm really hating this Jim guy!
Creed: I like it. It's so peaceful, I've already written like, twelve plays today.
Creed: Ah, Dwell.
Creed: Hi, hello.
Creed: [opens box, pulls out and displays contents] It's a photo of all of us.
Creed: Everybody get comfy now. This first song's over a half hour long. [plays off-tune notes]
Creed: Best gig ever. They asked me to play only originals. I said, "Have you heard my originals? They're terrible." They said, "Even better." I said, "I get it. It's an ironic party for Nellie."
Creed: We hate Pam. We hate Pam.
Robert & Creed: [in unison] How old?
Creed: Jinx. Buy me some Coke.
Creed: Haven't heard any complaints. Wouldn't care if I did.
Creed: Well, I don't want to get raped [picks up clipboard] Twenty-Two!
Creed: Yeah, you.
Creed: Good, good. This carpet's overdue for a good mopping.
Creed: No. No. No. You’re way off on that one.
Creed: In the parking lot today there was a circus. The copier did tricks on the high-wire, a lady tried to give away a baby that looked like a cat. There was a Dwight impersonator and a Jim impersonator; a strong man crushed a turtle. I laughed and I cried. Not bad for a day in the life of a dog food company.
Creed: Bald people make me sick.
Creed: Hey, uh, mayo buddy, five dollar tip, you unclog my ears. Okay?
Creed: Oh God. Stuck with the weirdo.
Creed: I'm sorry, Pam. It looks a little messy.
Creed: Uh, 6783's also a good time. Less mileage.
Creed: [notices something new about Dwight] New glasses.
Creed: A wheel wants to spin, Pam.
Creed: I know you don’t really exist.
Creed: I wanna work with, uh, Jimmy Carter and help build gnomes.
Creed: The Taliban is the worst. Great heroine, though.
Creed: Me neither.
Creed: It’s Halloween. That is really, really good timing.
Creed: Yeah.  That's what she said.
Creed: Yeah, she hosts the Dr. Laura Show.
Creed: Tapas swiss miss.
Creed: Spanish tapas, and swiss miss hot cocoa--What's so hard to understand?
