
Andy: Good morning, Pam.
Pam: Oh, welcome back, Andy.
Andy: Drew.  I'm Drew now.
Pam: Oh.  Drew.  Sorry.
Andy: Apology not... accepted.  Because it wasn't even necessary in the first place. [laughs]

Andy: Several weeks ago, Andy Bernard had an incident. [cut to shot of Andy punching a hole in the wall] But after five weeks in Anger Management, I'm back.  And I've got a new attitude.  And a new name.  And... a bunch of new techniques for dealing with the grumpies.

Andy: Mornin' Jim.
Jim: Hey, Andy.  How are you, man?
Andy: Good.  Drew.
Jim: What's that?
Andy: Dr--- You can call me Drew.
Jim: No, I'm not gonna call you that.
Andy: Cool.  I can't control what you do.  I can only control what I do.
Jim: Andy.
Andy: Drew. [walks to Dwight] Dwight.  How's it goin' man?

Dwight: Yes, I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years.  Which I'm looking forward to.  It's an Amish technique.  It's like slapping someone with silence.  I was shunned from the age of four until my sixth birthday... for not saving the excess oil from a can of tuna.

Dwight: Jim, could you please inform Andy Bernard that he is being shunned.
Jim: Andy, Dwight says welcome back, and he could use a hug.
Dwight: Ok, tell him that's not true.
Jim: Dwight says that he actually doesn't know one single fact about bear attacks.
Andy: You guys...
Dwight: Ok, no.  Jim, tell him that bears can climb faster than they can run.  Jim!  Tell him!
Jim: [half-heartedly] Andy!  Nah, that's too far.
Dwight: Damn you.

Michael: Today is Safety Training Day.  Toby is leading ours upstairs.  Yeauck.  But, I am giving everyone a little bit of a treat.  We are going to listen in on Darryl's presentation to the warehouse.  And if I know Darryl, it gonna be zoppity.

Darryl: Now, this is the forklift.  You need--- [Michael rattles it] You need a license to operate this machine.  That means the upstairs office workers can't drive it. ... Quiz!  Mike.
Michael: Hmm.
Darryl: Should you drive the forklift?
Michael: I can, and I have.
Darryl: No! No no no no no!  I said should you.  You should not drive it.  You should not drive the forklift, you understand?
Lonny: You're not allowed to drive the forklift.
Darryl: It's not safe, you don't have a license.
Michael: Guys, I'm not the only one who's driven the forklift.  [points] Pudge has driven the forklift.
Madge: Madge.
Michael: I thought your name was Pudge?
Madge: No, it's always been Madge.
Michael: Okay.  Um, her.
Darryl:  Her.  Yes, "her" is qualified to work a dangerous machine.  You are not.  Okay?
Michael: Ah, fine.
Darryl: Do you understand that?
Michael: Yeeesh.

Darryl: We do safety training every year, or after an accident. ... We've never made it a full year.  This particular time, I was reaching for a supply box on the top shelf, when one office worker, who shall remain nameless, kicked the ladder out from under me and yelled...

Michael: [barely keeping his composure] "Hey Darryl, how's it hangin'?!" [laughs]

Darryl: And I fell and busted my ankle.  I'm legitimately scared for my workers.

Darryl: The baler can flatten a car engine.  It can cut off your arm and crush your entire body without skipping a beat.
Dwight: Yeah!
Andy: It's on!
Darryl: How many people a year do you think get their arms cut off in a baler?
Michael: Bail'er?  I hardly know her.
Lonny: Dammit, Michael.  Pay attention, man.
Darryl: Anybody wanna take a guess?  Anybody?
Kevin: Five bucks says it's over 50.
Jim: You really wanna bet?
Darryl: Anybody?
Kevin: Ever since March Madness ended, I am so bored.
Guy: How many?
Jim: Ok, you're on.
Darryl: Ten people, Michael. Ten people.  Would you like to be one of them?
Kevin: [mouths] Damn...
Darryl: [in background] You have to be alert, and calm. And always careful...
Jim: No, don't worry about it.  We'll just got double or nothin'.
Kevin: On what?
Jim: I don't know, we'll figure somethin' out.
Kevin: Nice.
Oscar: What are you guys talkin' about?
Darryl: These are very dangerous machines down here, and the upstairs workers, Michael, should not go anywhere near them.
Michael: Yes, yes.  But it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world... if somebody...
Darry: It would be the worst thing in the world!  It would!  Very much so.
Lonny: What the hell is wrong with this man?
Michael: It's a big red trash compactor!
Lonny: What are you---
Darryl: It's not a trash compactor!  It's a baler!
Lonny: Don't disrespect the baler!
Michael: Okay, okay!  I got it.  I got it.  ...  Only on the rarest of occasions...
Darryl: No do not touch it!
Michael: ...would I go near---
Darryl: There is no occasion for you to go near this stuff, okay?

Michael: Toby now has the floor...  and he is going to try not to screw this up, like everything else in his life.  Let me rephrase that.  I believe that you can do safety training and make it sound just as good as Darryl.  Here we go!
Toby: Ok, um, one thing that you're gonna want to look out for is carpal tunnel syndrome.  It's recommended that you take a ten minute break from typing every hour.  For your circulation, you're gonna want to get up out of your chairs and uh, and move around about ten minutes every hour.
Michael: Yes, good.  Fine.  Like stretching and...
Toby: Um, yeah.  You're computer screen can be a big strain on your eyes, so uh, it's also recommended that you step away for about... about ten minutes every hour.
Michael: Wow, that is... that time really adds up.  That's like... a half an hour, every hour?
Darryl: Take them at the same time.
Michael: Ok, you know what?  You're making it sound kind of lame. So, skip ahead to the really dangerous stuff.  Like sometimes computers can explode, can they not?
Toby: No, no.  Um, you always want to keep a sweater or cardigan of some sort, in case it gets drafty. 
Ryan: What about a long sleeve T?
Toby: Well, that'll work.
Kevin: Long johns?  A shaw?
Toby: You know, anything that warms you.
Michael: Ok, you know what?  I think that everybody is going to vomit due to boredom.  [to warehouse guys]  Sorry, he is very lame.  [takes book from Toby] Um, let's see.  "Seasonal affective disorder!  A depression that includes weight gain, fatigue, irritability, brought on by the low light of winter."
Darryl: Thank God we only had a baler to deal with.
Lonny: Yeah, that dim light is a bitch, ain't it?
Michael: Ok guys, you know what?  I didn't--- I didn't interrupt when you were having your presentation.
Darryl: Actually, you did.
Michael: Yes.  Okay, let's do another one.  This is a good one.  "A particular concern for office workers is a sedimentary life style, which can contribute---"
Toby: Sedentary. 
Michael: Yes.  "Which can contribute to heart disease."  Heart disease kills more people that balers.
Lonny: That's called having a fat butt, Michael.
Michael: Mmmm, no, no, it's... sedentary...
Lonny: Yeah, yeah.  That's, that's fat butt disease.  That's what you suffer from?
Michael: No.
Lonny: Fat butt disease, Michael?
Kelly: Excuse me, sea monster, you weigh like a thousand pounds.
Lonny: Yeah?  I bet you'd like to swim with this sea monster, wouldn't you?
Kelly: Ryan?
Lonny: Dude, tell your girl to shut up.
Kelly: What?!
Ryan: Kelly, you insulted the gentleman.  Please apologize.
Kelly: Are you kidding me?
Darryl: Alright, we outta here.
Michael: Darryl, I did not walk out in the middle of yours.  So, I---
Lonny: Yeah, but ours was real, Michael.
Darryl: That's what I've been trying to tell you, Mike.  It's serious down there.  We do dangerous stuff, man.  This is shenanigans, foolishness, Nerf-ball.  You live a sweet, little, Nerf-y life.  Sittin' on your biscuit.  Never havin' to risk it.
Michael: Okay.  ... What, Nerf isn't cool anymore?

Michael: Darryl thinks he is such a man because he works in a warehouse.  I worked in a warehouse.  Men's Warehouse.  I was a greeter.  I'd like to see Darryl greet people.  Probably make 'em feel like wimps.  Not me, I...  "Hello, I'm Michael.  Welcome to Men's Warehouse.  We have a special on khaki pants today." ... This is one example.

Kevin: [Pam is holding a jar of jellybeans] Ten.
Oscar: Really, ten?  That's your guess?  You're a professional accountant.
Jim: There's like ten green ones.
Oscar: Forty-two.
Jim: I'm gonna say fifty.
Karen: Fifty-one.
Jim: Oh, don't be that person.
Kevin: That is lame.
Karen: It's a strategy!
Pam: It's called being smart.
Karen: Thank you.
Kevin: Oh, geeze.

Pam: I don't know how the whole betting thing started, but it's fun.

Pam: Ten...
Jim: Kev's out.
Kevin: Damn it.
Pam: 47, 48, 49! Jim wins!
Everyone: Oooh! [Jim claps]
Kevin: That is not fair.  He has spent hours up here at reception with you.  Hours and hours.
Jim: Okay, okay.
Kevin: No, constantly.  Like, for years.
Jim: Okay.

Michael: Pam, depression is as scary as a baler, right?
Pam: I don't understand the question.
Michael: Working in an office can lead to depression.  Which can lead to suicide.  I mean this is really serious stuff.
Pam: Yeah...
Michael: I--- I---  Nobody commits suicide because they work with a baler, and yet those guys are makin' fun of me, calling me a Nerf, that...
Pam: It's really hard to demonstrate depression.  Their safety training had visuals.
Michael: Yeah... you are... ah, so right.  They had visual aids.  And all we had were the facts.  You don't go to the science museum and get handed a pamphlet on electricity.  You go to the science museum and you put your hand on a metal ball, your hair sticks up straight... and you know science.
Pam: So, you're okay?
Michael: Indubitably.

Michael: They use props.  They use visual aids, and they just made us look like dopes.
Dwight: Idiots!  God, what are we gonna do!?
Michael: I don't know, I don't know.  Because you know what our killer is?  Depression---
Dwight: Wolves.
Michael: Nn--- Depression.

Dwight: Visual aids.
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: A quilt.  Depression quilt?
Micheal: No time to sew a quilt.  ... I got it.  Give me the number for the Giant Big Box Toy Store.

Michael: You may be asking yourself, "What am I doing on a trampoline?"  Well, I thought I'd bounce here for a while, relieve some stress, and then move on with my day.  Not!  Here's the plan.  Dwight, is going to gather all of the office workers and all of the warehouse guys, we're going to have another safety seminar.  Only this time, where's Michael?  Oh my God!  He is on the roof!  Now I have got their attention.  I... tell them, about the cold hard facts of depression.  And then I say, "Hey!  You ever seen a suicide?"  And I jump.  And they freak out.  And they get to see... the dangers of depression with their own eyes.  Nice side note: They might think "Hey, I should have been nicer to Michael."  But that's... not why I'm doing this... Then, I land on the trampoline, take a couple extra bounces for fun.  I climb off, walk around the corner... Ta-freakin'-da!  [Dwight nods]

Kelly: So then the next movie moves to the top of the queue.  So number five becomes number four, number six becomes number five, [Ryan checks his watch]number three becomes number two, etc, etc.  And let's just say that I just sent back Love Actually, which was awesome.  [Karen lays money down on the desk next to Ryan] And they sent me Uptown Girls, which is also awesome.  But guess what, now I want to see love actually again, [Phyllis throws her money down] but it's at the bottom of the que!  Oh no, what do I do!? [Creed throws his money down] What I do, is this.  I go online, I go click, click, click.  And I change the order of the que, so that I can see Love Actually [Pam throws her money down] as soon as I want to.  It's so easy, Ryan.  Do you really not know how Netflix works? [Jim throws his money down]
Ryan: I guess I forgot. [kisses Kelly, gathers up all the money]
Kelly: You're such a ditz.
Kevin: Ryan, well done.  Two minutes, forty-two seconds.  Additionally, Pam, you win ten because she said "awesome" 12 times, and Jim, you win five because she mentioned six romantic comedies.

Dwight: [on the roof] Okay, let's do this thing!  I'll go summon the troops!
Michael: Maybe we should test it first.  Letterman-style.  Throw a TV over, or...
Dwight: We measured it once...
Michael: Go buy some watermelons.
Dwight: Seedless?
Michael: Just...

Toby: [Creed takes a bite of an apple] Creed is eating an apple.  I found a potato.
Pam: Hey Creed.
Creed: Hey!
Pam: Hey.
Creed: Hello. [Jim replaces Creed's apple with a potato][Creed takes a bite of the potato]
Pam: Yes!
Kevin: Here you go. [hands money]
Toby: Nice.

Karen: I don't know this place as well as I thought I did.  I'm getting cleaned out.

Dwight: Ready?
Michael: Let's do it!  Drop that sucker. 
Dwight: [drops watermelon, watermelon bounces off trampoline, onto a car, bursts, car alarm sounds]
Michael: BINGO!  WHOA WHOA WHOA!  Oh... crap.  Deactivate the car alarm.  Clean up the mess.
Dwight: Okay.
Michael: Find out whose car that is.  If it's Stanley's, call the offices of James P. Albini, see if he handles hate crimes.
Dwight: Got it.
Michael: Also, take apart the trampoline, stick it in the baler.
Dwight: We're not allowed to use the baler.
Michael: Have Pa--adge do it, or... the sea monster.
Dwight: I'm on it!

Dwight: I'm temporarily lifting the shun.
Andy: Thank you.
Dwight: It means nothing.  I need you to do something for me.
Andy: Anything.
Dwight: Okay, calm down.  I need you to acquire an inflatable house, and/or castle.
Andy: You mean a moon bounce.
Dwight: What do you think?  You've got an hour.
Andy: I'm gonna need... I'm gonna need petty cash.
Dwight: Shunning resumed.
Andy: Do you, do you want a drawbridge?
Dwight: Un-shun.  Yeah that sounds good.  Re-shun.

Dwight: Oh yeah, this is much better.  Safer.  Excellent decision.  
Michael: Yes, thank you for seeing that.
Dwight: When you land, try and land like an eight year-old.  These bouncy castles are not designed for adults.
Michael: I don't know if I wanna do this.
Dwight: Do you wanna do another test?  I got plenty of watermelons in my trunk!
Michael: No.  No more.  The tests are going terrible.  If we keep doing it, we're not gonna want to jump.  This is about doing, not thinking.
Dwight: That's right!  Doing!  Totally doing!  It's rock n' roll!
Michael: Rock n' roll!
Dwight: Yeah!
Michael: That's right!  I am not thinking.
Dwight: [imitating the sound and playing an air guitar] Near near near near near!
Michael: Yes!  Yeah!
Dwight: [singing] Michael is awesome!  Jumpin' off the roof!
Michael: Woo!
Dwight: [singing] Bouncin' on the bouncy bounce!  Show 'em who's boss!
Michael: Woo!
Dwight: [singing] Rip a hole in the suuuuuuun!
Michael: I am ready to do this!  I am ready to make a point! [Dwight continues air guitar]

Dwight: [out of breath] Guys!  Listen up!  Michael is up on the roof, and acting strange!
Andy: Whoa!  What's the situation?
Dwight: [hesitates] Un-shun.  I think he's suffering from depression. Re-shun.
Andy: Ok, when's the shunning thing gonna end?
Dwight: Un-shun.  Never.  Re-shun.  I think he wants you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him die!
Stanley: Is it nice outside?
Dwight: It's gorgeous.  Let's go!
Stanley: Do I need my jacket?
Dwight: No really, it's, it's very nice.  Come on!
Ryan: Will I be too warm in a long sleeve T?
Dwight: Everybody's gonna be fine in exactly what they're wearing, let's go!  Let's go!  

Dwight: [outside] Come on, hurry up you guys!
Michael: [on the roof] My life!  Oh, my life...
Dwight: [on megaphone] Michael, what's wrong?!
Michael: Everything's wrong.  The stress of my modern office, has caused me to go into a depression.
Dwight: Depression?  Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?
Michael: Dwight, you ignorant slut.  Depression is a very serious illness.  Over 32 thousand people commit suicide every year!  According to a 2004 study!
Dwight: Is that the last year the data was available?
Michael: Yes!  My head is in such pain!  And turmoil!
Dwight: Don't do anything rash!
Michael: Wait, where are the warehouse guys?
Dwight: I didn't... [Dwight runs up to the side of the building] I didn't think you needed them for this part.
Michael: Okay... that's...
Dwight: you said to just...
Michael: That's the whole point, dummy.
Dwight: Okay, I'm on it!
Michael: Okay.

Dwight: Attention blue collar workers!

Pam: What are the odds that this is in any way real?
Jim: I'd say like... 10,000 to 1?
Kevin: Okay, I'd like ten bucks on those odds.

Kevin: If someone gives you 10,000 to 1 on anything, you take it.  If John Mellencamp ever wins an Oscar, I am going to be a very rich dude.

Dwight: Michael's up on the roof and he's acting strange!
Michael: Oooooh, my life!
Dwight: Michael!  What's wrong?
Michael: Everything is wrong, Dwight.  The stress of my modern office, has made me depressed.
Dwight: Depressed?  Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?
Michael: Dwight, you ignorant slut.

Jim: Well, you know, the first performance was a little off.  But I really think they hit their stride, in the second show.  Um, might even bring my parents tomorrow, to the matinee.
Michael: And that is why, I am going to jump off this roof!
Jim: Oh, excuse me.  It's my... favorite part.

Angela: This is just offensive.
Ryan: At least we're outside.

Creed: [zipping up his pants] Hey, check it out, there's a... there's a castle over there.
Jim: Oh my God, there is a castle.
Dwight: No, there's nothing to see over there, people!  There's nothing to see.  ...They found the castle, Michael.
Michael: Damn it.

Pam: Oh... God.  Oh my God, he's gonna jump.
Jim: Oh.  He's going to kill himself, pretending to kill himself.
Pam: Yeah...

Jim: Hey uh, Michael.  Don't jump on the bouncy castle.  You can't do that, because you're going to get horribly, horribly injured.
Pam: Hey Michael!  I have a present for you, but you have to come down and get it.
Michael: What is it?
Pam: Come down and... open it and you'll see.
Michael: Dwight, find out what the present is.
Dwight: Okay, uh... I don't see anything.  She might be bluffing.
Jim: Dwight...
Pam: Dwight, what are you---
Dwight: Oh... It's uh, a Repliee Q1 Expo female robot, they're only available in Japan.
Michael: Dwight, you are such a liar.  Pam, really, what is it?
Darryl: Mike, this is the opposite of safety.  You jump, you're gonna serious hurt yourself.
Michael: You told me, that I lead a... cushy, wimpy, Nerf life.
Darryl: Yeah, but I never said you had nothing to live for.
Michael: What do I have to live for?
Darryl: A lot... of things.  Uh, you, uh... What about Jan?  Lovely, lovely, lovely Jan, man.  It's goin' good, right?
Michael: It's complicated with Jan.  And I don't know where I stand, or what I want.  The sex isn't nearly as good as it used to be.
Darryl: Mike, you're a very brave man.  I mean, it takes courage just to be you.  To get out of bed every single day, knowing full well, you gotta be you.
Michael: Do you really mean that?
Darryl: I couldn't do it. I--- I ain't that strong.  And I ain't that brave.
Michael: I'm braver than you?
Darryl: Way braver!  You Braveheart, man.
Michael: I Braveheart.  I am.
Darryl: Come down, okay?
Michael: Okay.  Pam, I'm coming down to get my present.

Michael: An office... is as safe as the people in it.  And sometimes those people can drive you to do crazy things to show the dangers of the office.  That's the danger I found myself in today.  I saved a life.  My own.  Am I a hero?  I really can't say.  But, yes.

Andy: When people think of Andy, they think of hate and anger. When people think of Drew, they think of baked goods.
Kelly: Oh my God, these cookies have no flavor. How is that possible?
Kevin: They are the worst. Who's this Drew chick?
Phyllis: Drew isn't a girl... She's Andy.
Andy: Oh no, nobody likes my cookies. I'm so angry, argh I want to hit something. [laughs] Totally kidin' guys.

Andy: Little device I learned to diffuse tension, be the first to make fun of yourself, because if they make fun of you before you do... Then you might lose your mind.

Kevin: [pours the last of the coffee into his mug]
Andy: Ahhh... Is that the last of it?
Kevin: I'm sorry.
Andy: It's OK. I can't always have what I want, but I can always want what I have.
Kevin: Well, would you like a cup of no coffee? 'Cause that's what we have.
Andy: Is it fresh? [winks]
Kevin: Are you going to beat me up?
Andy: Umm... [draws back arm] No. [laughs]

Andy: People don't need to be afraid of me. I can't achieve anger any more, and I have a new car. Toyota Prius, because Andy didn't care about fuel efficiency, but Drew has seen "An Inconvenient Truth". Nearly twice.

Angela: [walks around Andy's new car keying it]

Michael: OK, come on everybody, go time. Pam let's go.
Pam: I thought I'd stay and answer the phones.
Michael: Don't worry Pam, you will be answering phones for the rest of your life... Your long lovely life. [whispers to camera] saved it.

Michael: Here we go.
Dwight: Come on.
Michael: Field Trip.
Dwight: Step lively. Single file everybody.
Michael: Like we're going to the science museum.
Dwight: Let's single...
Michael: Learn by touching.
Dwight: Single... OK.
Michael: I've been told that I'm a tactile learner.
Dwight: Buddy system, everyone buddy up, find a buddy.

Kelly: You should work out Ryan, you would look so hot.
Ryan: Totally, we should both work out.
Kelly: Screw you.
Michael: Kelly, Ryan looks great. You should be thankful that you...
Larry: Sir, could you please, please focus on Darryl?
Michael: I...
Larry: Try.
Darryl: Summing up.
Michael: Sum it up Darryl, sum it up.

Michael: We got beat today, Dwight.
Dwight: [sighs]
Michael: But it was not a fair fight.
Dwight: No it was not. Remind me again, what was the fight exactly, who was it between, and what was the outcome?
Michael: It was the warehouse guys...
Dwight: Right.
Michael: ... Dwight, they embarrassed us...
Dwight: Argh!
Michael: ... because they had a much scarier safety presentation.
Dwight: Ghaaa!

Michael: You know what's funny? Robin Williams. [sighs] When a cat gets stuck in a washing machine. City Slickers. Talking like Borat. You know what's not funny? Safety, or making fun of the person trying to talk about safety. [in Borat voice] Not nice. I must show people how dangerous office can be. High five... Now that's funny.

Michael: How do you make depression sexy? How do you... How do you get people interested in depression? That is the conon... the conun... the conumbery

Michael: Those warehouse guys, think that we are all flabby, middle management, nerf balls. Well I'm going to show them that we have nerfs of steel. [winks]

Andy: [Michael, Andy, and Dwight are standing around a trampoline] You know guys, I recently learned some pretty cool stuff about the difference between feeling something and... acting on that thing.
Dwight: Can you tell Andy to focus on the springs? Please.
Michael: Yeah, Drew.
Andy: Yes bosses.
Michael: You know Drew, why don't you go inside. Dwight come here. Where should we put this?
Dwight: OK, ahh, turn around, and do a broad jump for me on go. Ready... Go! One Mississ... OK, you went that far on one Mississ. Ippi would take you to here. This trajectory times the propulsion from your quadriceps would be about three Mississippi, maybe three and a quarter. So one Mississ... correct... ippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi... e. Right here.
Michael: OK, good. Thank you. Wanna take our time, do this right.

Phyllis: [phone rings] Hello?  Hi Bob Vance. [laughs]
Karen: That's three times in ten minutes.
Stanley: Where's my five dollars?
Phyllis: You are my little teddy bear. I wantcha.

Stanley: I always knew my co-workers were annoying. I never realized I could profit from it. Go ahead Bob Vance, call Phyllis, all day.

Andy: [Michael is up on the roof of the building] Michael, go ahead, we're listening.
Michael: I'm going to wait. I don't want to say this twice, it's too painful and I'm too depressed.
Creed: [talking through bullhorn] Michael, you can not fly, you can not, I've seen this too many times.
Kelly: Give me that thing, I want to try.
Jim: Oh, you know what we should probably preserve the batteries.
Kelly: I was just going to say that [yells toward Michael] you have a cute butt. Oh my God I did not just say that, did I just say that? Oh my God I'm so adorable.
Angela: I know the timings bad, but I hate to be a nudge, but there's stuff that he has to sign that needs to be mailed by four.
Dwight: OK, if he's not down by four, I'll get the papers up to him.
Angela: OK, it's three forty eight.
Jim: OK, Ryan you know what? You can do this.
Ryan: Oh, no, I have no training in this sort of thing.
Jim: Come on.
Stanley: Don't play dumb, you know damn well what we talking about.
Jim: Come on. He'll listen to you.
Everyone: Come on Ryan.
Angela: Let's do it.
Dwight: Come on pretty boy.
Ryan: Michael, you have always taken a great interest in my career.
Michael: I will miss you the most Ryan.
Ryan: Oh, what is your deal man!? Seriously I don't get it.
Andy: Let me borrow that chief. Michael, you don't have to prove anything to anyone but yourself. So don't jump just to prove anything to us. OK? That said, if you need to prove something to yourself, you should jump.
Jim: Oh!
Andy: Up to you.
Jim: No no no!
Andy: If you do jump, I want you to reach for the sky.
Pam: Hey!
Jim: OK. careful, thanks. [takes bullhorn from Andy]
Andy: Grab a comet and kiss the moon! Kiss it!

Kevin: See this is why you always take ten thousand to one. You never know.

Darryl: You own a convertible. Come on man that's, that's hot. Women love that stuff right?
Dwight: It's only leased, and it's got rust damage, he'll never get his deposit back.

Michael: Coal miners, crab fishermen, Dog the bounty hunter, all dangerous jobs. But also upper middle management. [takes deep breath] Wow! I could have fallen off a roof today... And you don't worry about falling off a roof when you work on a crab boat... And there are no roofs in coal mines.

Andy: [in parking lot] Goodnight Stanley. [sees his car is keyed, just nods his head]

THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT