
Gabe: Ugh, man. My delts are blasted. I wish they had a chart for how much protein powder to scoop for a 180 pound man with no fat.
Dwight: Protein powder, huh? You cut it with water? Why don’t you just take estrogen? [swallows powder] [coughs] There you go boys. See how papa takes care of you? [kisses bicep] Mwah.

Gabe: I remember when people thought biceps were all that. They’d flex them all night at the discotheque.
Dwight: Oh, I bet you think it’s all about core, huh?
Gabe: Yeah.
Dwight: Oh, please.
Gabe: Core’s critical. There are four tenets of pilates that I live my life by. One – lengthen. Two – elongate.
Jim: Listen, guys, I think we all want to know the same thing, right? Who’s the strongest? Well, there’s only one way to solve that – flat curl contest.

Jim: All right, here we go everybody. May the manliest man win. Go.
Dwight: Feast on this, Lewis.
Gabe: I love the burn. The burn is where I live.
Jim: Come on, Gabe, you can’t handle his hamstrings. You’re getting hypno-thigh-zed.
Gabe: Speed set. One. Two.
Jim: Here, this is for your elbows, for your elbows.
Dwight: Oh, thank you.
Jim: You’re welcome.
Gabe: Five. Six.
Jim: Quick phone call from you guys, keep going,
All: Eight, nine, ten.
Gabe: We got it?

Dwight: Very funny Jim.
Gabe: Yeah, Jim. Way to mock us for perfecting our bodies.
Robert: Everyone, conference room, now. [Dwight and Gabe stand up, falling over] 
Jim: All right, easy there, grandpa.
Dwight: I don’t need your help.
Jim: Okay. You don’t need my help?
Dwight: Here, here… Just…

Andy: Morning.
Erin: Hey.
Andy: Somebody left in such a hurry this morning that she forgot… these.
Erin: Oh.
Andy: You know the only thing more delicious than your feet is the feast that I am going to prepare for everyone.
Erin: Andy, if you’re gonna hang out for a while, uh…
Andy: What’s this?
Erin: This dumb rule Robert made, he just wants visitors to sign in.
Andy: Is this Robert’s attempt to embarrass me?
Erin: No, of course not. It’s just – I think it’s like if we make an exception for you, then we have to make an exception for the water guy, and then, it’s like, where does it end? So just… [puts visitors tag on Andy]

Andy: Why is it when other people spend all their time at the office, they’re rewarded for it, and when I do it, I am told it’s a little much? …Is it because I am not an employee anymore, because that’s what it feels like.

Jim: All right, well, enjoy the alumni game.
Dwight: Good, we have a deal?
Jim: Thanks Janet.
Dwight: Thanks so much Earl.
Jim: Wow, simultaneous sale.
Dwight: And they said it couldn’t be done. Boom!
Jim: Screw ‘em.
Andy: Lot going on guys. What’s happening?
Jim: Binghamton branch closed last night and their clients are up for grabs.
Andy: That was a fine branch. Things are really bad under Robert California, I guess. It’s like a festival of poo.
Jim: Hey, hey, come on, language.
Dwight: Yeah, and we’re not interested in your sour grapes, okay? Jim, tell him where he can stick his grapes.
Jim: In the fridge.
Dwight: No, Jim, the butt, in his butt.
Jim: Sorry, man, I can’t focus on zingers. There’s too many potential clients.
Stanley: You two better watch yourselves.
Phyllis: Yeah, the Syracuse branch can’t be happy you’re taking New York clients.
Robert: Shh… shh… [vomits in trash can]
Jim: Robert?
Oscar: Why did Binghamton close?
Robert: Can everyone just, please… I had a one-man saturnalia last night, in celebration of the finalization of my divorce. I got into a case of Australian reds, and – how should I say this – Columbian whites. What – what is this about, uh, Binghamton?
Kevin: The branch closed. Forever.

Robert: Closing the Binghamton branch never occurred to me before today. Or, I guess, last night. But, in vino veritas as they say, I’m not gonna start doubting my drunken self now.

Nellie: I got your voicemail. From – from last night.
Robert: Wonderful.
Nellie: And the answer… is yes, yes, yes, yes, and never. [leaves]
Robert: Pam, when’s the last time you lived so intensely that your brain literally couldn’t hold the memories in?
Pam: Oh, it was this summer –
Robert: Apparently, I left a phone message for Nellie last night, and I need you to find out what I said.
Pam: Um, I am a little busy.
Robert: Yes, ‘course. Why don’t you list the things that would keep you from helping me.
Pam: Yeah, I can make you a list.
Robert: Let’s do it now. What’s number one?
Pam: Why don’t I help you now?
Robert: There we go.
Pam: Okay.

[Andy cooking food by reception, Harry walks in]
Harry: Who the hell are Jim Halpert and Dwight Schrute?
Erin: Jim, Dwight, what are your last names?
Dwight: And you are…
Harry: Harry Jannerone, Dunder Mifflin Syracuse. 
[shocked look from Jim]
Harry: What the hell’s all this?
Andy: Uh, cherries jubilee over homemade gelato.
Harry: You live well down here in P.A. I want to talk to you guys right now. Oh, and Lloyd Gross too. Which one’s that guy?

Jim: The salesmen have a commission cap, but we figured out a way around it.
Dwight: Lloyd Gross is a fictional salesman we invented to – how do I put this – steal from the company. Embezzle. To commit fraud.
Jim: Okay, it sounds sketchy, but it helps us get more money.
Dwight: Yes.
Jim: Pam made a drawing of Lloyd. He is a blend of all the salesman. [shows sketch]

Dwight: [pointing at Toby] There he is. That’s Lloyd.
Toby: Me?
Creed: Yeah, you.

Harry: Where do you get off crossing state lines?
Toby: Now, we’re actually a lot closer to Binghamton than you are. Kimosabe.

Toby:
THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT