
Dwight: [knocks water bottle on to Jim's desk] Oh, little help. Wow your hair is really thinning.

Dwight: Standing is proven to be healthier, increases productivity and just looks cooler. Picture someone doing something heroic. Now was he sitting or standing? Not counting FDR.

Dwight: Every second you sit there is an hour off your life. Look at all of you. I feel like you’re in a suicide cult.
Creed: No. No. No. You’re way off on that one.
Dwight: Oh yeah?
Oscar: Are you really comfortable standing there? I tried one of those and I just never hit the sweet spot.
Jim: Hey guys let’s just all admit it. Ok? Dwight’s better than us. He had the guts to stop sitting. And he’s never, ever going to go back on it right?
Dwight: That’s right Jim.

Darryl: Hey man.
Dwight: [jumping up from an almost sitting position] Hey.
Darryl: Taking a load off huh?
Dwight: No. Putting a load on more like it.
Darryl: Good luck with that.
Dwight: Last thing I need is luck. [hunches down again]

Dwight: [to Angela] Thank you so much. [hums]
Jim: [sees a pole poking out Dwight’s pant leg] What are you up to? Oops look out! [grabs Dwight's wallet]
Dwight: What are you doing? Give that back. Come on!
Jim: Prank! [throws money from Dwight’s wallet on the floor]
Dwight: Oh that’s real creative.
Jim: You know what it’s not my best. Because you could just easily bend over and pick it up right?
Dwight: I could, but I just don’t feel like it loser.
Jim: Because you’re sitting?
Dwight: Standing.
Jim: Ok.
Dwight: Don’t!
Jim: Because you’re sitting?
Dwight: Standing.
Jim: You know I have to do this.
Dwight: I know. [Jim pushes him over, Dwight screams]

Andy: [signing his name] Andrew… Baines… Bernard.
Jim: I think you could just do Andy Bernard.
Andy: Andrew Baines Bernard. I love filling these out. Because it’s like taking a test, but I know the answers.
Robert: [loudly knocking on the window] In four seconds my wife is going to be coming through that door. I told her she could work here. Under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen. [to Mrs. California] There you are! Honey how on earth could you miss the elevator?
Andy: What was that?
Jim: I don’t know. He wasn’t talking to me. But if I were you I wouldn’t hire his wife.

Ryan: That’s why my foundation – The Dream for a Wish Foundation – is going to put them out of business. They’re not going to know what hit them.
Robert: Everyone. I’d like to introduce my wife Mrs. Robert California. Mrs. California this is everyone.
Susan: Hello. Oh call me Susan please.
Robert: Last night at dinner Susan and I were talking about her returning to work. So she’s here today to see if there’s a good fit. Something tells me it just might work out. This is Andy Bernard the regional manager.
Susan: Hello nice to meet you.
Andy: Hey there. It’s a pleasure.
Robert: Andy would you be so kind as to show Susan around the office. Show her the various departments. Find a place where she’ll shine.
Andy: I would love to. But I have to be completely honest with you guys. We’re 100 percent staffed up.
Robert: Andy. Let’s see if there’s a good fit first. Then we’ll talk.
Andy: Alright.

Dwight: Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.
Darryl: You don’t have to say it if you’re doing it.
Dwight: [laughs] Remember how you said that you were looking in the office to do calisthenics and aerobics?
Darryl: Uh weight lifting yeah.
Dwight: Well today’s your lucky day. I have opened in this very office building Dwight Schrute’s Gym for Muscles. You wanna take a look?
Darryl: I’ll take a look.
Dwight: Your path from obesity begins right here!

Darryl: I’ve been meaning to join a gym. [narrating over a montage of scenes with him and Val] For my health. I used to say I wanted to live long enough to see a black President. I didn’t realize how easy that would be. So now I want to live long enough to see a really, really gay President. Or a supermodel President. I want to see all the different kinds of Presidents.

Dwight: Obese people in my office are a drain on resources. Chairs wear out faster, it takes more Freon to keep them cool, they flush the toilets more often, plus their massive BMs bust the rivets on my pipes. But a gym turns fat into cash.

Andy: Alright! The DM Express is pulling out.
Susan: Well it was really nice to meet you Brian.
Ryan: Actually Ryan.
Susan: Oh, Ryan.

Ryan: Bitttch!

Andy: We will start here at Erinville.
Susan: Hi.
Erin: Hoo-hoo!
Andy: Reception. Your classic one-man operation.
Erin: Although I was watching a movie and Merryl Streep had two secretaries.
Andy: I was watching a movie and a bunch of apes took over San Francisco. Just saying.
Robert: Two secretaries could convey a sense of importance and success to our clients. Certainly worth exploring; wouldn’t you agree Andy?
Andy: I’ll explore exploring it.
Robert: Good. It seems like you have this under control. So I’ll just duck out and run the company for a while.
Andy: Ok uh next stop on the tour sales. Here we go. Station stop Jim Halpert. Oh boy our resident truth teller. [Jim laughs nervously] Alright have at it. Let ‘er rip. What do you hate about this place?
Jim: Well it’s sales. So you have to be able to live in the world of rejection.
Dwight: Maybe you do. Hi. I’m Dwight. Sales is really not so hard ok? It’s paper. We have it and they want it so bad they are willing to pay for it.
Andy: Jim?
Jim: Well it’s not that easy. It’s kind of sometimes difficult.
Dwight: It’s the second easiest job in the world. [to camera] Being a mom.
Susan: I love shopping and sales is just the other side of that.
Dwight: That is true.
Andy: You know if you joined our sales department you would be working very closely with our department head Mr. Dwight Schrute.
Dwight: That’s me.
Andy: Dwight why don’t you tell Susan about some of your hobbies. Survival skills. Ranking of animals.
Dwight: Maybe over a beer after she’s closed her first sale [makes gun click noise].
Susan: Well make that a red wine and I’ll tell you my animal rankings [makes gun click noise back].

Andy: Oh how am I supposed to pull this off? [montage of office workers in friendly interactions with Susan]. The entire office is being nice to her than they’ve ever been to me. What I wouldn’t give for one of Phyllis’ classic room clearing farts right now.

Dwight: Ready? What do you think?
Darryl: Um no. This is not a gym. This is like a scene out of Saw 5.
Dwight: You haven’t even looked around yet. Look. Gravel bucket squat yoke [squats, grunts and lifts] Right? Dedicated phone book ripping station [tries and fails to tear a phone book in half]. You ever cut tin before? Five yards in and your forearms will be on fire. Plus I will buy the tin back from you that you cut for two cents a yard. Now let’s go over membership. I’m going to need the first month’s and the last month’s up front. $49 per month. But every third month is $59 a month. But the fourth month is a discount month at $19 per month…
Darryl: Obviously you know how a gym works. So you know I’m not going to pay money for this. You want people to come to your gym? Make a real gym.
Dwight: Darryl... [picks up sledgehammer and swings it at a hanging tire]
Darryl: Make a real gym.

Susan: I was thinking accounting might be a good fit because I really clicked with Oscar and I do have some experience in bookkeeping.
Andy: But we already have a surplus of accountants as it is.
Susan: Uh I could work in customer service. HR even.
Andy: Those are fully staffed as well.
Robert: Are you telling me that there’s no one in this entire office that could use an extra pair of hands?
Andy: [laughing nervously] Yes.
Robert: I am the CEO and I am telling an employee of mine what to do.
Andy: Let me beat around the bush for a second. Our chairman of the board has some very strong feelings about-
Susan: Robert this is very uncomfortable. Obviously there’s no place for me here. So thank you for trying. Why don’t we just let it go.
Robert: No. Absolutely not. Andrew there must be something you can do. Think.
Andy: There are lots of considerations.
Robert: I would be eternally grateful. It’s not a bad thing to have the CEO owe you one.
Andy: Alright. Well then welcome aboard.

Susan: So what happens next?
Andy: We get you over to HR and then we get you set up with accounting. [phone rings] Hang on. Hello?
Robert: [on phone] Say hello grandma.
Andy: Hi gam-gam.
Robert:
THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT