
Kevin: Uh oh. She's doing it again.

Pam: Phyllis has gotten into audio books and lately she's been listening to 50 Shades of Grey.  Which, if you don't know what it is, it's a book about um...
Clark: It's porn. 
Pam: Yeah.

Dwight: [Phyllis rocks her chair into his provocatively] Seriously. Ugh. Ok, this is unacceptable. It's officially a hostile work environment. 
Phyllis: Why?
Darryl: Somebody just needs to get her attention, tell her it's not OK to do this in public. 
Pam: Be careful. I pulled my mom's dog off a pillow once, and I got bit.
Meredith: Just ignore her. Sooner or later she'll finish. 
Group: Ugh. Ew.

Andy: What?
Dwight: Phyllis is masturbating. In the office right now as we speak. 
Angela: Can we skip the color commentary and just have Andy go out there and fire her?
Toby: He- he can't do that.  Turns out she's allowed to have feelings of sexual arousal.  It doesn't become a violation until she physically acts on it. 
Group: No!
Oscar: Toby, how do you propose that we-
Andy:Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Why is Phyllis so aroused?
Pam: She's listening to 50 Shades of Grey. 
Andy: Well there you go. That's muy caliente.
Dwight: OK, you are useless. I'll take care of this. [walks out of Andy's office and dumps water on Phyllis]
Phyllis: What the hell?!
Dwight: It's OK guys, she's no longer horny. 
Andy: Excuse me, dirty birdie [takes Phyllis' iPod]
Phyllis: Wait, what?
Andy: You can have this back at the end of the day.  [cut to Andy listening to the iPod and looking aroused, water is dumped on him] Oh!!

Dwight: Clark, I need your advice. I'm having some lady troubles. 
Clark: What's her name?
Dwight: Esther Ruger. [Angela makes a face in the background]
Clark: Sweet.
Dwight: Lives on the neighboring farm. 85 acres.
Clark: Oh yeah. Keep talkin'.
Dwight: Well, we've been out three times, there has been physicality but the thing is we were hanging out with her father the other night looking at a farm catalog, next thing I know he wants to lease a tractor with me. 
Clark: Oh.
Dwight: [laughs] What do you think?
Clark: The same thing that you think.
Dwight: A long term tractor lease is going to put pressure on a relationship. 
Clark: God, one of my buddies is going through the same thing right now. Something in the air. 
Angela: Here you go. And good for you Dwight, I'm so glad you found someone. I bet she's got kind eyes. 

Angela: Dwight is dating a brussel sprout farmer named Esther.  She's coming here this afternoon with her father.  Who knows? Maybe she'll be pulling the horse cart! [laughs]

Pam: [on phone] Cici has been calling me 'Pamela'. Like four times this week.
Jim: Oh man. [laughs]
Pam: I wonder if she'll start calling you 'Jim'.
Jim: Oh boy, please don't. Let's not let that happen. 
Pam: [laughs] Um.
Jim: What was I gonna- What was I gonna say?
Pam: You're- You know your assistant told me that you have a big pitch meeting today. With Ryan Howard. How did that happen?
Jim: Not that Ryan Howard. Um, the Phillies' first baseman. 
Pam: Oh, oh OK.
Jim: Yeah, yeah. Exactly. 
Pam: [sighs] Um, Ok. Well?
Jim: Yeah. So, uh, I'll uh, talk to you later?
Pam: Yeah, sounds good. Ok.
Jim: Ok great.
Pam: Ok.
Jim: Bye. 
Pam: Bye.

Kevin: [Meredith laughs] What's going on? Oh, did Gangnam Style put out a new song?
Oscar: There's a promo for the new documentary on the web. 
Phyllis: Play it again. 
Promo Voice: [Music begins, Michael Scott is shown] The boss. [Pam and Dwight are shown in episodes past] The workers. [Ryan and Michael are shown] The lives. [Jim and Pam and Dwight and Angela are shown] The loves. [More flashback clips] The people. The paper. The Office: An American Workplace. Coming soon on WVIA. 
Kevin: Whoa. You go to the bathroom for 45 minutes and everything changes. 

Kevin: This is a documentary? Oh, I always thought we were like specimens in a human zoo. 

Kevin: [Angela is rewatching the promo and looks nervous about the part with her and Dwight] Did you see this? [lifts monitor in her direction]
Angela: Your screen is all black. You just unplugged your computer. 

Clark: [Pam smiles as she watches the promo with her and Jim on the roof] Oh my god, is that you and Jim?
Pam: Uh huh. 
Clark: Jeez, you fell in love with that hair? Really? [laughs] Yikes. That is awful. 
Pam: It wasn't so bad. 
Andy:
THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT