
Jim: I’m taking some time off from work—well, my other work—because we needed it.
Pam: It’s great.
Jim: It’s great.
Pam: The phone has been ringing off the hook. The guys in Philly are kind of going nuts.
Jim: But that doesn’t matter. This does. It’s the only thing that matters. We’ve had some really nice days together.
Pam: Nice morning, too.
Jim: Beesly! Oh, my god. 

Andy: Hey. Which tie makes me look like a guy who likes sofas? My agent’s putting me up for a furniture commercial.
Jim: Ah, definitely blue.
Andy: Totally, right? So, Big Tuna, what’s up? Back in the small pond? 
Jim: For now, yeah. I was spreading myself way too thin—
Andy: Thin-sliced tuna. Carpaccio. Go on.
Jim: Uh, well, it took me a while, but I finally realized that I can’t give 100% to two things at once you know.
Andy: Tell me about it, you know? I’ve been trying to act and manage this branch. Half the time I don’t know if I’m wearing my stage makeup or my work makeup. 
Jim: Huh. Well, you know, you can’t have everything so you gotta ask yourself what makes you the happiest. You just go all in for what’s most important. That’s my new thing.

Oscar: [noticing Angela looking very unkempt] Is everything ok?
Angela: No. Everything is not okay. The county took my cats.
Kevin: Wait, all of them?
Angela: Two sacks’ worth. Apparently my apartment complex has rules about how many pets are too many for a studio. And while I was out picking Phillip up from daycare, they came. They came into my house.
Oscar: That’s—that’s awful, Angela. I’m so sorry.
Angela: It’s the [bleep] that lives downstairs. She’s this uptight, judgmental shrew. You know the type.
Kevin: I’ve never met anyone like that.
Angela: And they’re gone. And I have no one left. Without my cats, I am utterly and completely alone. 
Oscar: Angela, you still have your son.
Angela: I guess.

Dwight: Attention, everyone. May I have your attention? There are four new deadly weapons in this office. [kicking and punching] Basher, Thrasher, Crasher and—
Jim: Smasher!
Dwight: Smasher? No, where’d you get that? Fireball. This morning after hours of combat with some of the city’s best teenagers I earned my black belt in Goju Ryu martial arts. 

Dwight: I had to find a new dojo after sensei Ira and I parted ways. My new sensei, sensei Billy, thought I had more than enough training to take the test. Turns out, sensei Ira was a bit of a shyster. Sensei Billy says most students don’t spend $150,000 over 20 years to get their black belt. 

Dwight: I would like to invite you all to my black belt ceremony, right here in the office at lunch, lunch not provided.
Jim: Fireball!
Dwight: Ah! [throws punch] That’s how it’s done.
Jim: That’s pretty good. I feel safe.

David Wallace: Hey, Erin. Is Andy in?
Erin:
THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT