
Andy: [on computer screen] Ah, what else? I’ve seen Dirty Dancing like, ten times.  Breaks my heart every time, you know?
Everyone: Whoa!
Pam: Andy.
Andy: That Swayze sure can dance dirty.
Phyllis: Don’t you have any sunblock?
Andy: No, Walter J has been hoarding it. You want to worry about a part of my body, worry about my eyes.  They’re like two flaming meatballs in my skull.

Erin: Last week Andy set sail for the Bahamas to sell his family’s boat, and he took his brother, but not me. I was kind of sad at first, but then I remembered that Bob Marley song -- No, woman. No cry.

Andy: [on computer] Check this out. Keeps my hair out of my stare, also helps me combat the glare bear. That’s what I call the sun now.
Darryl: Andy, it’s Darryl. Take your drawers off your head.
Andy: What else can I show you? Oh, damn it!
Erin: Oh, Andy, was.. was that your drinking water?
Andy: Yeah, it was. That’s okay though. I got this cool desalinator device. It sucks up sea water through this hose and pumps out fresh water. See, check it out.  Ow!
Everyone: Oh!
Andy: Ah! That’s not good. I better sign off. I hate to get going. I mean these skype sessions are, like, the only thing that keep me sane out here, you know? [laughs crazily]

Darryl: He’s been sailing for two days.

Andy: [on computer] I will leave you with this. The image of a man and his boat. Burn this into your brains.
Erin: [laughing] Yeah.
Andy: No. No! Nooo! [computer falls into ocean]
Erin: Andy? Andy! Andy! Andy. Oh.

Dwight: [answering phone] Dwight Schrute. [turns on speakerphone] Well, hi there David Wallace. Why would you ever call me when the manager is out of town?
David: [on speakerphone] Well, I have some very exciting news.
Dwight: And you didn’t call Jim - that seems significant.
Jim: Hi, David.
David: Jim, good! You should hear this too.
Dwight: No, he shouldn’t.
Jim: [taking away Dwight’s handset] Go ahead David, I’m listening.
Dwight: Okay, David, I want to take you off speaker but... I don’t know where I’d put you.
David: Guys, listen, this is big news. The Scranton White Pages just got in contact with my office the day before yesterday. They’ve apparently just dropped the supplier they’ve been with for the last ten years. .
Dwight: The White Pages.

Dwight:
THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT