
Oscar: Yesterday, Angela may or may not have figured out that I’m having an affair with her husband. So I just have to wait and see. When she comes in, if she’s cold and awkward and cruel to me, then great, it’s business as usual.

Oscar: Good morning. [clears throat]
Angela: Oscar... [sighs] can I ask you a question?
Oscar: [whispering] Of course, ask me a que--  questions.
Angela: Is it cool in here to you?
Oscar: [hoarsely] Yes, a little bit. [normal voice] Yes.
Angela: I think the thermostat is acting up again.
Oscar: It’s the stupid thermostat! That thing is a catastrophe. So I’m gonna, um, on your suggestion, get someone to fix it. I’ll just go downstairs.
Angela: Thank you.
Oscar: No, thank you, Angela.

Oscar: She doesn’t know. I shouldn’t be surprised. This is a woman who married a man who is obviously a homosexual. Basically, she has her head in the sand. In a way I feel sorry for her. I guess the universe rewards true love. 

Dwight: Well, well, well, it’s finally happened. Pam has ceased caring.
Pam: These are my painting clothes.I think I’m gonna do it. I am really gonna start painting the warehouse mural today. [Jim applauds]
Meredith: Sure you don’t want to put another coat of primer on that Pam?Queen of the primer, that one.
Jim: You got this, Beesley. Actually, do you want me to come down and help you get started?
Pam: Are you avoiding your phone call?
Jim: What? Yeah, right. As if. 

Jim: Today I will be asking David Wallace if I can start working part-time, because the sports marketing company that I started really needs me to be there. 
Pam: Last week Jim wasn’t there, and they named the company Athlead.
Jim: I could have prevented that. So I have to talk to Wallace. 
Pam: Tell them your opening line.
Jim: [sighs] Hey David, how would you like a guy who’s not here as much, gets paid the same amount of salary, and has bigger fish to fry in Philadelphia?
Pam: I think it’s good. He likes fishing.
Jim: This is gonna be awful.

Pete:
THIS IS THE END OF THE SCRIPT